Unity Fractals - Final for Graphics Application Programming Fall 2020. 
The goal is to generate procedural fractals with ECS optimization, hopefully utilizing ray marching.

Commit 1 - Generates cuboid fractals with 2 colors signifying depth. Uses simple batching. Able to produce a depth of 5 (5 child cubes generated per cube) before performance takes a big hit on a GTX 1080. 
Commit 2 - Added more colors that interpolate. Improved batching amount. Generates both cubes and spheres on a random basis. Able to produce a depth of 6 before performance drops. 
Commit 3 - Added more irregularity to the fractal generation. Various random meshes, a probability that the fractal will spawn a child, fractal rotations on update, and a random rotation value that each fractal will start with. 
Commits 4-12 - Accidentally merging my code broke the whole project by changing internal Unity data. These commits were a string of fixing that.
Commit 13 - Created a fresh version of my old project with no errors.
Commit 14 - Introduced a working ECS demo alongside my fractal in the same scene to begin implementing my ECS code into my fractal code.
Commit 15 - Started ECS implementation by adding variance in ECS mesh generation.
Commit 16 - Updated the README
Commit 17 - Adds functional jobs demo to later blend into ECS integration.
Commit 18- Merged main branch.
Commit 19 - Updated README
Commit 20 - Added a job with ECS system demo.
Commit 21 - Merged branch
Commit 22 - Updated README
Commit 23 - Added a test class with the Unity job system mixed with ECS. There are many issues with this that will have to be sorted out.
Commit 24 - Merged branch
Commit 25 - Updated README
Commit 26 - Added a player controller with first person camera attached. Updated scene with new skybox and new fractals.
Commit 27 - Merged branch 
Commit 28 - Updated README
Commit 29 - Added a Test class for ECS with Jobs
Commit 30 - Merged branch
Commit 31 - Updated README
Commit 32 - Adds Fractal ECS classes and a basic implementation of ECS that suits the creation of fractals.
Commit 33 - Merged branch
Commit 34 - Updated README
Commit 35 - Added a job system that performs a rotation on the ECS cube demo
Commit 36 - Merged branch
Commit 37 - Updated README
Commit 38 - Fixed the super fast ECS rotation by decoupling it from the job system. Added a random rotation value the entities will start with.
Commit 39 - Merged branch
Commit 40 - Updated README
Commit 41 - Implements color interpolation as well as a more varied rotation per fractal entity.
Commit 42 - Merged branch
Commit 43 - Updated README
Commit 45 - Adds a GameObject to Entity conversion demo, entity rotation multithreading with Jobs, and the start of a parent-child entity hierarchy. Huge fps boost because of multithreading!
Commit 46 - Merged branch
Commit 47 - Updated README
Commit 48 - Adds a partially working attempt at changing child entity transform based on parent entity transform
Commit 49 - Updated README
